README.md, before:

# isa2025-healthcalc
Health calculator used in Ingeniería del Software Avanzada
Tests:
### 1. **Ideal Body Weight Tests**
   - **Test Case 1**: Calculate the ideal body weight for a 180 cm tall man.
     - **Expected Result**: The ideal body weight should be 72.5 kg.
   
   - **Test Case 2**: Calculate the ideal body weight for a 160 cm woman.
     - **Expected Result**: The ideal body weight should be 56.0 kg.

   - **Test Case 3**: Check if an exception is thrown when the height is negative.
     - **Expected Result**: The function should throw an exception (`HealthCalcException`).

   - **Test Case 4**: Check if an exception is thrown when an invalid gender is provided.
     - **Expected Result**: The function should throw an exception (`HealthCalcException`).

### 2. **Basal Metabolic Rate (BMR) Tests**
   - **Test Case 5**: Calculate the BMR for a man who weighs 70 kg, is 175 cm tall, and is 30 years old.
     - **Expected Result**: The BMR should be 1695.67 kcal/day.
   
   - **Test Case 6**: Calculate the BMR for a woman who weighs 60 kg, is 160 cm tall, and is 25 years old.
     - **Expected Result**: The BMR should be 1389.84 kcal/day.

   - **Test Case 7**: Check if an exception is thrown when the age is negative.
     - **Expected Result**: The function should throw an exception (`HealthCalcException`).

   - **Test Case 8**: Check if an exception is thrown when an invalid gender is provided.
     - **Expected Result**: The function should throw an exception (`HealthCalcException`).

# Test Results

This is the screenshot of the test results using Maven:

![Test Results](results.png)

Commit message:

commitchanesscreenshot.md
Commit changes screenshot uploaded

README.md, after:

# isa2025-healthcalc
Health calculator used in Ingeniería del Software Avanzada
# Tests:
### 1. **Ideal Body Weight Tests**
   - **Test Case 1**: Calculate the ideal body weight for a 180 cm tall man.
     - **Expected Result**: The ideal body weight should be 72.5 kg.
   
   - **Test Case 2**: Calculate the ideal body weight for a 160 cm woman.
     - **Expected Result**: The ideal body weight should be 56.0 kg.

   - **Test Case 3**: Check if an exception is thrown when the height is negative.
     - **Expected Result**: The function should throw an exception (`HealthCalcException`).

   - **Test Case 4**: Check if an exception is thrown when an invalid gender is provided.
     - **Expected Result**: The function should throw an exception (`HealthCalcException`).

### 2. **Basal Metabolic Rate (BMR) Tests**
   - **Test Case 5**: Calculate the BMR for a man who weighs 70 kg, is 175 cm tall, and is 30 years old.
     - **Expected Result**: The BMR should be 1695.67 kcal/day.
   
   - **Test Case 6**: Calculate the BMR for a woman who weighs 60 kg, is 160 cm tall, and is 25 years old.
     - **Expected Result**: The BMR should be 1389.84 kcal/day.

   - **Test Case 7**: Check if an exception is thrown when the age is negative.
     - **Expected Result**: The function should throw an exception (`HealthCalcException`).

   - **Test Case 8**: Check if an exception is thrown when an invalid gender is provided.
     - **Expected Result**: The function should throw an exception (`HealthCalcException`).

# Test Results

This is the screenshot of the test results using Maven:

![Test Results](results.png)

# Commit Changes: 
This is the screenshot of the commit changes:
![Commit Changes](commits.png)
